resume = '''Master of Engineering student with focus on analytics. Proficient knowledge in statistics, mathematics and programming skills. 

Education

University of Toronto, Master of Engineering	 
(2018 - Present)
-	University of Toronto, Division of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering
-	Relevant Courses: Intro to Data Science and Analytics, Data Analytics

University of Toronto, Bachelor of Applied Science and Engineering                             
(2012 - 2017)
-	University of Toronto, Division of Mechanical Engineering
-	Relevant Courses: Programming, Engineering Design, Digital Logic, Circuit, Statistics, Calculus, Physics, MATLAB, Engineering Analysis, Engineering Economics


Technical Skill

Programming:  Python, SQL, C, C++, MATLAB  
Software and Applications:  IBM Watson, Microsoft Azure, Jupiter Notebook, Zeppelin Notebook, Microsoft Excel, Minitab

Related Professional Experience	

1.	Toronto Datathon Challenge Powered by Microsoft Azure
(Feb, 2018)
-	Tackled the problem to leverage advanced data analysis techniques to the Geotab datasets to hone risk analytics
-	Performed data cleaning and data exploration on datasets provided by Geotab
-	Utilized Google API to mine data to populate the dataset
-	Created simple statistical models and visualized our results through heat maps 
-	Codded with Python on Jupiter Notebook with support of Microsoft Azure

2.	GitHub Repositories Classification Project - Course Project
(Jan, 2018 ? Present)
-	Performing text-mining techniques from GitHub.com to reuse GitHub artifact
-	Utilizing both bag-of-words and bag-of-concepts with support of Random Forest algorithm for classification of database 
-	Researching on short text classification based on Wikipedia and Word2vec
-	Coding with SQL on Zeppelin Notebook 
3.	Data Science Hot Topics and Course Design ? Course Project
(Jan, 2018 ? Present)
- 	Performing data mining and data cleaning from multiple websites through web-scrapping and web API
- 	Identifying potential correlations through visualizations of datasets using Watson Analysis
- 	Building models for hot topic decisions with Machine Learning techniques such as decision tree, K-Means Clustering etc.
- 	Preparing business-oriented presentation slides and consulting report 
- 	Coding with Python on Jupiter Notebook with support from Watson Analysis

4.	University of Toronto Final Capstone Project - Wearable Motion Detection Device
(Sep, 2016 ? May, 2017)
- 	Designed a wearable device which assigns different hand gesture and motion to keys on keyboard for better gaming experience
- 	Performed data mining and data cleaning from general hand gesture data collected with accelerometer and gyro sensors 
- 	Built models based on K-Nearest Neighbor algorithm and Support Vector Machine to classify different hand gestures  
- 	Created a user interface for easy setup for our product
- 	Codded with Arduino and MATLAB for data analysis


Related Work Experience

1.	Magna Seating ? Professional Experience Year (PEY)                                                        
(Aug, 2015 ? Aug, 2016)
- 	Interned at Magna Seating as a product engineering intern
- 	Collaborated with the manufacturing engineering team to directly gather data from manufacturing line
- 	Utilized Minitab statistical software to track and analyze test data
- 	Performed product quality test regularly to ensure design change meet client requirements
- 	Assisted with multiple fixture design using CAD to reduce scrap and reduced scrap rate by 20%
- 	Analyzed capability studies on production parts for design change 

Volunteer & Leadership Experience 

1.	Marketing Director at U of T Chinese Student and Scholars Association 
(2013 ? 2017)
-  	Participated in the First Year Guidebooks for freshman   
-  	Managed the marketing team of around 30 people and organized advertising campaign 
-  	Collaborated with other clubs and organized many activities, such as celebrating Chinese New Year at the Winter Garden Theater and Cruise Boat Ride. Both around 200 people   '''